hey Phoebe's not here is she
no okay did you get a movie yeah yeah
but I don't think it's the kind you're
gonna like you didn't get more movies
that are gonna have us reaching for the
tissues all night did you
[Applause]
sort of
guys what's going on Phoebe's a porn
star Phoebe Buffay in Boothbay the
vampire lair that's baby where did you
get that well down at the Adult Video
place on Bleeker and and I saw Joey was
about to go in so I ran in ahead of him
to to surprise him and and then I
pretended that I didn't know he was in
there
Wow I mean I just can't I can't believe
this you know I mean you think you know
someone even even Phoebe who's always
been somewhat of a question mark this is
so bizarre I guess it kind of makes
sense though she you know she had such a
terrible childhood I had a terrible
childhood and I don't do porn yes but
you're dead inside I better take that
back why why we can't watch that I mean
that's Phoebe yeah you're right we can't
we should watch it absolutely not that
go back you know maybe a little bit that
was just the first time no this is wrong
you guys Phoebe's our friend but I'm not
gonna watch it yeah good for you Joe
[Applause]
[Music]
ah I thought I'd find you here
Nosferatu prepare we're going to plunge
or stake to my dark places
absolutely I was kind of hoping it would
be the other way around
[Music]
hold on a second what is that on her and
her ankle that's what you're watching
well it's hard to tell
oh gosh you just stopped moving just
doing her job
sick bastards
- that's weird Edith
wait touch Ursula that's a Phoebe that
is Ursula watch that realize everyone
hey what's up
[Music]